Fix/remove all trailing bars (#1027)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/changelog/2019.en.md

| Payment Methods search | `GET` | /checkout/custom/payment_methods/search |
| Card issuers | `GET` | /checkout/custom/card_issuers |

> You can find the equivalent resources in [this article](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/introduction).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the equivalent resources in [this article](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/introduction).
```

> You can find the equivalent resources in [this article](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/introduction).

Reviewer: Falta este faker en /es y /en

Reviewer 2: Hice en los otros archivos Pame!
